test: migrate test runner message tests to snapshot (#47392)
nodejs/node: test/common/README.md

If set, `NODE_COMMON_PORT`'s value overrides the `common.PORT` default value of
12346\.

> ### `NODE_REGENERATE_SHANPSHOTS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `NODE_REGENERATE_SNAPSHOTS`
```

> If set, test snapshots are regenerated.

Reviewer: Do you mind adding an example of using this? Does it regenerate _all_ snapshots? I think most of the time I’d only want to regenerate a particular one for the test I’m working on.

If set, `NODE_COMMON_PORT`'s value overrides the `common.PORT` default value of
12346\.

### `NODE_REGENERATE_SNAPSHOTS`

> If set, test snapshots are regenerated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set, test snapshots for a particular test are regenerated.
```

Maybe this is obvious . . .

> If set, test snapshots for a particular test are regenerated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If set, test snapshots for the current test are regenerated.
```
